Guys, you're looking at me like that.
It's already here.
What else can you say?
I'm not being targeted by your salary.
How can I be guilty of the White Prince?
Don't you see the suspicion?
The White Prince himself is the only White House imperial heir
What a handsome man.
But his words and actions looked like the eunuchs in the old movies.
I also feel that something is wrong when you say that.
The underwage means that the person just happened to be a fake.
Or will Young Master Liang perform 10 plays?
We were almost fooled by that bastard.
Ladies and gentlemen, have you ever seen the truth of the White Prince?
The young man joked.
I hope there is no such fate.
Although we are a noble party
But if you really want to meet Mr. White
I've waited a long time to qualify.
That's right.
That's because you've never seen Mr. White before.
So the other Qin Xiao the other trash with Tran Thanh Ngoc the other bitch looking for people to Mau Danh instead.
But they don't know.
The White Prince had a special interest in the ancients of the previous dynasty.
If the White Prince comes in person
Why didn t he say a word to the Dragon Lady of the First Five Great Emperors?
On the contrary, it's like this scum who marries his daughter-in-law and kneels down.
The White Prince said that Qin Xiao was like his late father.
Not to mention that Hoang Trieu Group is the main arbitrator of the entire Long Kingdom.
It's based on the function of the White House.
Try asking the whole kingdom about the lack of cooperation.
Who would dare to let the White Prince kneel?
So all of this is Tran Tinh Ngoc the other slut for keeping Qin Xiao in the lead position.
Deliberately made it for us to see.
Recently, Tran Tinh Ngoc and I have a little personal conflict.
That's why he offered a high salary at all costs.
You let my mother out.
But you're all very capable people.
He's just a little bastard.
Why can you get 300 million varieties?
So aren't we going to let a crook kick us in the head tonight?
Painting won Buddha
Do you have this?
What can be humiliated cannot be humiliated.
The official regulations of Emperor Wu Shao have been announced.
Qin Xiao is the main actor of this play.
His tomorrow will open at the film and television base of the Zhao family.
The choice of actors
This bitch is so brave.
Deliberately looking for someone to deceive us.
Now I want to cover up.
Guys, why don't you think about what they're going to say right now?
It's clearly a guilty conscience.
You said that once White Prince knew that Tran Tinh Ngoc stole the beam to change the pillar
How will those people end up?
Api cramps
Crouching tiger flying ash
Death has no place to be buried.
But the problem is
I have no right to see Prince White.
How to expose the hero of Tran Tinh Ngoc?
If only Qin Xiao was injured
He can't act.
Tran Tinh Ngoc's film crew could not open it.
Congratulations.
Hahaha, Young Master Yang
I understand what you mean.
I'll do it now.